1. Life is full of trial and error. One failure doesn’t mean you’re out of the picture.人生充满了尝试与错误。一次失败不代表你就出局了。

2. You know hurt is a funny thing. The same thing that makes one person angry, can put another person into grief.”- The Tale of Despereaux伤害是个可笑的东西。同样一件事情，折腾出此人的愤怒，彼人的悔恨。



3. When it comes to family, we are all still children at heart. No matter how old we get,we always need a place to call home.面对家人的时候，在我们内心深处我们始终觉得自己还是孩子。不管我们年龄多大了，我们还需要一个称之为家的地方。



4. We are like the two stars in the vast sky, each running along a different track. Although the track is different, the goal is consistent. The



5. The road to a lovers house is never long. 通往爱人家里的路总不会漫长。



6. Stranded wonderful spread between the tongue, is like a song you dance the last empress dowager.舌间搁浅的妙蔓、是想为你舞一曲最后倾国倾城。



7. Some songs can make you sad&cry when you hear them. But it’s actually not the song that makes you cry, it’s the people behind the memories. 总有那么一些歌，让我们悲伤，让我们哭泣。但其实让我们哭泣的并不是那些歌本身，而是藏在回忆里的那些人。



8. “Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.”- Mother Teresa不是每个人都是做大事的人, 但我们可以把小事做得有大爱.



9. Life is not always what we want it to be. We fight. We cry. And sometimes, we give up. But in our hearts, we know it’s still love. 生活有时不尽如人意。我们挣扎、哭泣，有时甚至放弃。但内心始终充满爱。



10. Sometimes it’s the smallest decisions that can change your life forever. (Keri Russell) 有时候一个小小的抉择就可以改变你的一生。



11. You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back. 施予爱绝无损，保留爱却常有失



12. Let us treasure every day in our life, because the beginning of a day will be the first day in our remaining life.我们要学会珍惜生活的每一天，因为这每一天的开始，都将是我们余下生命之中的第一天。”



13. Love is when you find someone better, yet you stay with the same person you promised to spend forever with.爱情就是当遇到一个更好的人，却依然和那个曾发誓与其共度一生的人在昨天。



14. It takes being away from someone for a while,to realize how much you really need them in your life.有的时候，你需要离开某人一段时间，才会发现自己有多需要他。



15. If you love someone,we should love him just the way he is, accept his strengths as well as his weaknesses.Try not to make them in the ‘ideal’ image in your eyes,but love him ‘as is’如果你爱一个人,就要爱他原来的样子;爱他的优点,也爱他的缺点,绝不能因为爱他,希望他变成自己所希望的样子



16. If have to separate, also want to say "goodbye", also want to in the heart with a grateful, thank you for giving me the sweet memory of a lifetime.



17. Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forwards.要理解生活，必须往后看;但要生活好，则必须向前看。



18. Before you talk,listen;before you react,think;before you spend,earn;before you quit,try. 在你说话之前，先听;在你回应之前，先想;在你消费之前，先挣;在你退出之前，先试。



19. To the same word, is both miss, is also missed“miss”



20. 在时间的荏苒流逝中，想起久违的你，思念油然而生。一张精 致的卡片，一腔思念的情怀，加上虔诚的祝福，寄予远方的你。 time flies by and i remember i haven’t seen you for ages.i send you a fine card with my missing and sincere blessing.



21. Every careless and inattentive person has his past being careful and attentive for someone.哪个没心没肺的人，没有一段为某人掏心掏肺的曾经。



22. Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can.人生是一幅大画布，你可以尽可能的往上着色。



23. A smile is the most charming part of a person forever. 微笑永远是一个人身上最好看的东西。



24. When I’m crying and someone hugs me, it makes me cry even more.当我哭泣时，有人拥抱我，我会哭得更厉害



25. Sometimes the perfect person for you is the one you least expect.有时候，最适合你的人, 恰恰是你最没有想到的人



26. For those things i don’t talk about,it does not mean i don’t know. 有些事不说，不代表不知道。



27. I just don't have an ideal. My ideal is you.我就是没有理想。我的理想就是你。



28. graduation is the moment of celebration, I live with you happy days. Graduation is also the moment of thinking, you will enter the community, for the new career and struggle.



29. My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there.我只关心未来，因为我的余生都会在



30. Happiness is to find someone who can give you warm and share your life together.幸福，就是找一个温暖的人过一辈子。



31. Like father, like son.有其父必有其子。



32. Books to time square hate less, you never know till you have through.书到用时方恨少，事非经过不知难。



33. Always listen to your heart because even though it's on your left side, it's always right.总是听从内心的声音。因为即便它长在你的左边，它却总是对的。。



34. Sometimes, you’re missing someone so much, but when that somebody shows up, you do nothing.- 有时候，日夜思念。可是当思念的人出现在眼前，你却安之若素。



35. Don’t give up when you are able to fly,to dream and to love.当你能飞的时候就不要放弃飞。当你能梦的时候就不要放弃梦。当你能爱的时候就不要放弃爱。



36. I figure life is a gift and I dont intend on wasting it.



37. the most precious possession that ever comes to a man in this world is a woman’s heart.在这个世界上，男人最珍贵的财产就是一个女人的心.



38. I love you more than I can say.爱你在心口难开。



39. A man who truly loves you will never let you go, no matter how hard the situation is.------ 如果一个男人真爱你，永远不会丢下你，不管情形有多难。



40. The waterfall sing, “I find my song, when I find my freedom.瀑布歌唱道：“我得到自由时便有了歌声了。”



41. Forget others’ faults by remembering your own. 想想自己的错，会忘却别人的过



42. Love is a carefully designed lie.爱情是一个精心设计的谎言。



43. This is who I am. Nobody says you have to like it.我就是我，没人非要你喜欢



44. Three things in life when gone never come back: time, opportunity, and words. 人生有三样东西不可挽回：时间，机遇，以及说出去的话。



45. sometime affection is a shy flower that takes time to blossom.有时爱情是朵含蓄的花，需要时间才会怒放。



46. If you ask for God to help you, it means you trust His ability. If He doesn’t help you yet, it means He trusts yours.如果你向上天寻求帮助，说明你相信老天的能力。而如果上天不帮你，则意味着他也相信你的能力。



47. Life is always let us was black and blue all over, but afterwards, the injured local will become our most strong place ..生活总是让我们遍体鳞伤，但到后来，那些受伤的地方一定会变成我们最强壮的地方



48. What is adhere to? Is day, and one day, you tell yourself, insist again one day.什么是坚持?就是一天，又一天，你告诉自己，再坚持一天。



49. Difficult to contain the victory, the success of failure in breeding.困难里包含着胜利，失败里孕育着成功。



50. Stop saying “I wish”, start saying “I will”. 别再说“我希望”，开始说“我将要”